Upgraded version and wrote changelog (#150)
Azure/azure-kusto-go: README.md

## What's New

### Version 0.10.0
* [BREAKING] - The minimal go version is now 1.19
* [BREAKING] - Moving to a connection-string based approach to creating and authenticating clients.  
    This change aligns the go SDK with the others, and gives the option to re-use connection strings between SDKs.   
    This also marks a move from the old go-autorest based authentication to the new Azure Identity based authentication.  
    To initialize a client:
```go
    // OLD WAY - REMOVED
    authConfig := auth.NewClientCredentialsConfig("clientID", "clientSecret", "tenantID")
    client, err := kusto.New("endpoint", kusto.Authorization{Config: authConfig})
    
    // NEW WAY
    kcsb := kusto.NewConnectionStringBuilder(`endpoint`).WithAadAppKey("clientID", "clientSecret", "tenentID")
    client, err := kusto.New(kcsb)
```
* [BREAKING] - Upgraded the azblob library to 0.5.1. This solves compatibility issues with other libraries, but might cause errors to those who still depend on the old version.

> * Added automatic metadata fetching from clusters. This should be invisible to use, but add support to more kinds of clouds.

Reviewer: Just say "implicit cloud detection"

* All of our operations now share the same HTTP client inside the kusto client object.  

>     Now using the option `WithHttpClient` will use the passed http client for all of the SDKs request, granting support for configuring proxies and other HTTP related settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using the option `WithHttpClient` will use the passed http client for all of the SDKs request, granting support for configuring proxies and other HTTP related settings.

```

## What's New

### Version 0.10.0
* [BREAKING] - The minimal go version is now 1.19
* [BREAKING] - Moving to a connection-string based approach to creating and authenticating clients.  
    This change aligns the go SDK with the others, and gives the option to re-use connection strings between SDKs.   

>     This also marks a move from the old go-autorest based authentication to the new Azure Identity based authentication.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As part of this change use of go-autorest based authentication is deprecated in favor of Azure Identity.  

```
